Text	Not Required	LGBTQ Equality	
Random Text	Not Required	is very important to me.	is extremely important to me.	is such an important issue to me.	matters a great deal to me.
Radio	Required	Which of the following issues of LGBTQ equality matters most to you?	Marriage Equality	I want to be able to marry the person of my dreams.	Employment Non-Discrimination	It's not fair that it's legal in 29 states to fire someone because they're LGBTQ - or because the boss THINKS they're LGBTQ.
Random Radio	Not Required	Which best sums up your opinion on the Employment Nondiscrimination Act?			Nobody should have to hide who they are to keep their job.	I support the Employment Nondiscrimination Act (ENDA) because 90% of transgender people have faced discrimination at work or have stayed in the closet to avoid it.	I support the Employment Nondiscrimination Act (ENDA) because 8-17% of LGBTQ people have been fired or not hired when an employer found out they were LGBTQ.			If someone is discriminated against at work, they'll be discriminated against elsewhere, too.	Passing the Employment Nondiscrimination Act (ENDA) is important to me because employment affects every aspect of a person's life including health care.	Passing the Employment Nondiscrimination Act (ENDA) is important to me because  I think it's unfair that employers can decide to fire someone because they think they are LGBTQ.
Checkbox	Required	Are you or a loved one LGBTQ?	I am LGBTQ	As an LGBTQ person myself, these matters have a huge impact on my life. 	But I also know others that are affected by these issues, too.	I have an LGBTQ friend	A good friend of mine is LGBTQ, and I see how much these issues affect them every day. 	Also, 	My child, grandchild, or sibling is LGBTQ	I have a younger family member in school who is LGBTQ, so safe schools and an inclusive learning environment are especially important to me.	 
Random Checkbox	Not Required	Which actions would you like to see the LGBTQ rights movement take on most?			Passing marriage equality laws in the states	More and more states are passing marriage equality - but without repealing the Defense of Marriage Act first, marriages in those states still won't have federal benefits.	Each time another state passes marriage equality, it's another sign that our society is ready.  That's why we need to repeal DOMA.	DOMA needs to be repealed because in 12 states and DC, marriage equality is enacted - but not for federal benefits.	!!Marriage equality might get the most attention, but other issues are important too.			Passing non-discrimination laws in the states	It's not fair that in 29 states you can be fired just for being LGBTQ.	It's unfair that in 34 states you can be fired just for being transgender.	It's unfair that landlords can decide not to rent to a gay couple.	!!